c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication4.exe.config
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication4.exe
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication4.pdb
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication4.xml
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Astrometry.dll
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Attributes.dll
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Controls.dll
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.DeviceInterfaces.dll
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.DriverAccess.dll
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Internal.Extensions.dll
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.SettingsProvider.dll
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Utilities.dll
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Utilities.Video.dll
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Exceptions.dll
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Astrometry.xml
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Attributes.xml
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Controls.xml
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.DeviceInterfaces.xml
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.DriverAccess.xml
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Internal.Extensions.xml
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.SettingsProvider.xml
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Utilities.xml
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Exceptions.xml
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.Form1.resources
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.Resources.resources
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.exe
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.xml
c:\users\austin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.pdb
C:\Users\Austin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.UserControl1.resources
C:\Users\Austin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Austin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Austin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Austin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Austin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Austin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication4.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Austin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication4.application
C:\Users\Austin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Austin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.application
C:\Users\Austin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.dll
C:\Users\Austin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication4\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.xml
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication4.exe.config
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.exe
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.xml
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.pdb
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.UserControl1.resources
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication4.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication4.application
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication4.exe
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication4.pdb
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication4.xml
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Astrometry.dll
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Attributes.dll
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Controls.dll
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.DeviceInterfaces.dll
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.DriverAccess.dll
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Internal.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.SettingsProvider.dll
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Utilities.dll
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Utilities.Video.dll
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Exceptions.dll
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Astrometry.xml
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Attributes.xml
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Controls.xml
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.DeviceInterfaces.xml
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.DriverAccess.xml
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Internal.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.SettingsProvider.xml
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Utilities.xml
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.xml
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\ASCOM.Exceptions.xml
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Edward\SkyDrive\Documents\GaTech\Courses\04SeniorYear\CS3312\junior-design\WindowsApplication4\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication4.application
